Re:live / 走馬灯 Sou ma tou

High level concept : Jank is 50 years old , during a crossing of a road . You are hit by a rushing lorry. A fairy grants you a second chance to re-approach your life choices when living your life-reel.
Scenes of your life's choices play out before you..Will the same thing play out again?


Choice 0 (Prologue) : Crisis
In a panic of failing to make time, you decided to take the risk and run the road that you have so often done so , just a leap away from crossing the road and making the delivery to Mr X. Just a little more , If I run just a little faster , maybe I can make it. Making the decision to leap the metal fence and just take a little shortcut forwards. 

"Hop"
"Screech" A car blazed it's horns and then swerved past Jank.
"Lucky the package is still in my hands." , Jank thought.
 Then despair struck , less than 5cm away from your face was a very familiar metal grate and atop the driving wheel was a driver desperately trying to stop the brakes. And all Jank could think about was "So..this is how m-"
 
 "Blam"
 

Choice 1 (Chapter 1) : Endurance
The decision to create a family was what was passed down from society and unquestioned the bar of success was set. Jank realised that the burden or responsibility of being the head of his own family unit came with it's joys and pains. The look of joy of the birth of his first born child. 

"It was worth enduring everything for." He cried.


Choice 2 (Chapter 2) : The right choice?
Jank made the decision to marry when the opportunity arise and he felt that there's no other better option on the dating market and setting down with someone he knew and cared deeply about and was cared for.His partner P was everything a man could wish for.

But things just slowly unravelled themselves as circumstances arise and things changed.Their relationship was one of passion , and the 1st two years things were going well until the realities of upholding their own household. The consistency was a constant challenge balancing between careers , family needs , their child needs , their own needs and all atop a meagre budget of $1600.

Love was the only thing needed to grow? 

His belief in his vows and himself were being challenged now. In his mind , spinning were the words he utter on the fateful day. 
 
Choice 3 (Chapter 3) : Eating well (Nothing to complain about)
Growing up , Jank always had nothing to complain about  , but just because materially he was not found lacking , doesn't mean his life was entirely fulfilled.


Choice 4 (Chapter 4) : Childhood Dreams
The summer was dire and the heat was scorching. Jank looked out at the field below where a few kids were still playing on the fields and playgrounds. Reminiscing about what he used to think about , he blanked out and thought about his childhood dreams.The dreams that he thought he has buried in service of something greater.They were screaming out to his soul at this present moment and he tried to take a deep breathe and buried his screaming dreams in the heat while moving onwards.

Choice 5 (Chapter 5) : Excuses made
No more time. 

"Just give me a chance!" Jank bowed deeply.
Perhaps the gods were in his favor that day and his prayers were answered.

Choice 6 (Multi-choice) : The die is cast. Moments were slowly ticking away.
Time to decide.
Which way to go? 


			Ending A 
			Ending B
			Ending C  -> BT4W Ending
			Ending D
			Ending E
			
COUNT : 
